{"role": "system", "content": "You are newspaper editorial decisions expert and you are tasked with finding the predominant type of news that each page of the newspaper has."},
            {"role": "user", "content": "I am a data scientist at a Guatemalan newspaper company for the popular sector called Nuestro Diario. In our company, we are looking to use OpenAI to extract data as accurately as possible. For this reason, what I need from you right now is to review each of these pages and classify them as any of the categories that I describe in the following sentences. I just need you to give me a simple one word answer for each categorization of each page. Crime (Roja): This type of news includes attempted and active homicides, beatings, physical attacks, sexual assaults, and any type of news that shows a voluntary attack against a person's integrity. Sports: This news category includes stories about local and international sports teams in active sports. A news article about Messi is not always considered a sports article—it depends on whether the context is relevant to football itself and not just the player's personal life. Community: This category covers news that only affects specific parts of Guatemala. It is different from national news because it impacts only certain areas rather than the whole country. It is mutually exclusive from other categories. National: This category is mutually exclusive from the others and covers news that affects all Guatemalans, except for migrants living abroad. International: This category includes news about the personal lives of artists or athletes, as well as news about migrants. It is mutually exclusive from other categories and also includes international politics. Varieties: This category can always be identified by the newspaper itself, as it is marked with a green box in one of the corners labeled 'Variedades'. It also includes all opinion pieces, which are shown in yellow. Model: This category includes pages featuring a woman wearing little clothing or posing provocatively. If she is a singer or an actress in movies, she does not count as a model. Internal Advertising: This refers to advertisements promoting a program, product, or service associated with Nuestro Diario/Diarios Modernos. External Advertising: This category includes all other paid advertisements that come from a source different from Nuestro Diario. These often involve sales of motorcycles, cars, or cell phones. Politics: This includes only news that contains political information about Guatemala. It is mutually exclusive from national news. For example, if a piece of news is classified as national, it cannot be classified as sports. No observation can consist solely of 0s—you must make an approximation of which category the news articles on that page belong to. To correctly categorize the articles, you must analyze the text on each page carefully. This is very important for accurate classification."},
